references: update DM FAQ for 4GB binlog related errors (#1596)
pingcap/docs: dev/faq/data-migration.md

When this type of error occurs in the current version, use `stop-task` to stop the task and then use `start-task` to restart the task. The automatic retry mechanism of DM will be improved later.

## What can I do when the relay unit throws error `event from * in * diff from passed-in event *` or a replication task is interrupted with failing to get or parse binlog errors like `get binlog error ERROR 1236 (HY000)` and `binlog checksum mismatch, data may be corrupted` returned?

> During the DM process of relay log pulling or incremental replication, this two errors might occur if the binlog file in the upstream exceeds **4 GB**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During the DM process of relay log pulling or incremental replication, these two errors might occur if the size of the upstream binlog file exceeds **4 GB**.
```

> **Cause:** When writing relay logs, DM needs to perform event verification based on binlog positions and the size of the binlog file, and store the replicated binlog positions as checkpoints. However, the official method of MySQL to store binlog positions is `uint32`. This means the binlog position offset for a binlog file over 4 GB overflows, hence the errors above.

Reviewer: `hence` is usually used as an adverb.

```suggestion
**Cause:** When writing relay logs, DM needs to perform event verification based on binlog positions and the size of the binlog file, and store the replicated binlog positions as checkpoints. However, the official MySQL uses `uint32` to store binlog positions. This means the offset value of binlog positions over 4 GB overflows and then the errors above occur.
```

Author: > binlog positions over 4 GB

Can you confirm @zimulala

Reviewer 2: I think `This means the binlog position for a binlog file over 4 GB overflows, hence the errors above.` is fine. @dcalvin @lilin90

Author: Thanks for confirming

For relay units, manually recover replication using the following solution:

> 1. Identify in the upstream that the corresponding binlog file has exceeded 4GB when the error occurs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Identify in the upstream that the corresponding binlog file size has exceeded 4GB when the error occurs.
```

2. Stop the DM-worker.

3. Copy the corresponding binlog file in the upstream to the relay log directory as the relay log file.

4. In the relay log directory, update the corresponding `relay.meta` file to pull from the next binlog position.

    Example: when the error occurs, `binlog-name = "mysql-bin.004451"` and `binlog-pos = 2453`. Update them respectively to `binlog-name = "mysql-bin.004452"` and `binlog-pos = 4`.

5. Restart the DM-worker.

For binlog replication processing units, manually recover replication using the following solution:

> 1. Identify in the upstream the corresponding binlog file has exceeded 4GB when error occurs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Identify in the upstream that the corresponding binlog file size has exceeded 4GB when the error occurs.
```

2. Stop the replication task using `stop-task`.

> 3. Update the `binlog_name` in the global checkpoints of the downstream  `dm_meta` database and in each table to the name of the binlog file in error; update `binlog_pos` to a valid position value for which replication has completed, for example, 4.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Update the `binlog_name` in the global checkpoints of the downstream `dm_meta` database and in each table checkpoint to the name of the binlog file in error; update `binlog_pos` to a valid position value for which replication has completed, for example, 4.
```

> 3. Update the `binlog_name` in the global checkpoints of the downstream  `dm_meta` database and in each table to the name of the binlog file in error; update `binlog_pos` to a valid position value for which replication has completed, for example, 4.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Update the `binlog_name` in the global checkpoints and in each table checkpoint of the downstream `dm_meta` database to the name of the binlog file in error; update `binlog_pos` to a valid position value for which replication has completed, for example, 4.
```

>     Example: the name of the task in error is `dm_test`, the corresponding s`source-id` is `replica-1`, and the corresponding binlog file is `mysql-bin|000001.004451`. Execute the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Example: the name of the task in error is `dm_test`, the corresponding `source-id` is `replica-1`, and the corresponding binlog file is `mysql-bin|000001.004451`. Execute the following command:
```

>     ```sql

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    {{< copyable "sql" >}}
    
    ```sql
```

>     `UPDATE dm_test_syncer_checkpoint SET binlog_name='mysql-bin|000001.004451', binlog_pos = 4 WHERE id='replica-1';`

Reviewer: Remove extra inline code format.

```suggestion
    UPDATE dm_test_syncer_checkpoint SET binlog_name='mysql-bin|000001.004451', binlog_pos = 4 WHERE id='replica-1';
```
